wats 0.2
==========================

Notes:
--------------------------

At present, wats is designed for systems administrators (well, a system
administrator- me), and those familiar with mysql/php. There are many rough
edges. Any help in this area (patches, documentation, etc) is welcome. wats was
designed for internal use only and I had not given any thought to releasing it
until several other area schools expressed interest. 


Installation Instructions:
--------------------------

   1. Unpack the archive: tar -xzf wats-0.2.tar.gz A directory called 'wats'
will be created in the current directory. Move this directory to the document
root of your webserver as appropriate
   
   2. Edit the file wats/wats-tables.sql:
          * On line 283, change the administrator information as appropriate.
this will be the first user in the system. More can be added once it's
operational.
          * On lines 286-290, set the initial config variables as appropriate.
At present, these are the only values. More will be added in later releases of
wats. unixroot is the complete path to your installation of wats. For example,
if you've put the wats directory in /var/www/localhost/htdocs, you should set
the unixroot to /var/www/localhost/htdocs/wats. The corresponding webroot for
this example would most likely be http://localhost/wats. Substitute the DNS
hostname of your server as appropriate. 
   
   3. Import the data into MySQL
         1. Create a database for wats: mysql -u root -e "create database wats"
         2. Set permissions on the database: mysql -u root -e "grant all on
wats.* to 'wats'@'localhost' identified by 'hackme';"
         2a. DON'T use that username/password!
         3. Import the data: mysql -u root wats < wats-tables.sql 
   
   4. If you changed the database username or password above (and you should
have) or your database is not running on the same machine as the web server,
you will need to change the databse configuration in config.php. Set lines
28-31 as appropriate.

Known Issues:
--------------------------

Keep in mind- this is my 0.2 release, I'm just one person doing this in my
spare time, etc...

    * There is no way yet to add people in using wats. You will need to create
people (both for users and for device assignment) directly in the database.
    * The same is true of buildings/rooms
    * Several of the statistics pages aren't built yet
    * Some Dell devices have their type name in the model name, eg a 1700n
printer will come thru as "Printer Laser 1700/1700n". If you change the model
name, future devices will re-create it giving you two model records for the
same model.
